Hi, guys.
Hello, everyone. Sorry for being late.
Eric.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh, you're just right, Max.
Yes.
Oh, I am too sorry. Me too, me too.
Good.
So the topics are just these two I posted
or is there anything else?
Currently, no, let's just start with them.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Good, and I had probably...
Start sharing.
Oh.
I think we should start with the
front-end side of things to make the
requirement clear.
Maybe I can make this bigger.
Yeah.
So, we are in the...
Um...
In this story.
to give some context quickly.
Transactional behavior between Team as
New Dispo, long running topic.
On.
We are very far progressed, I would say,
with a lot of development already done in
the back end and so on.
So now we are at a state where the bridge
between actual back end behaviour and
front end
Okay.
UX was not closed yet.
If you looked at this PBI yesterday,
I think there were only,
there was one sentence in it.
Together with Max and public.
We refined it now,
we prepared it regarding the actual need.
And that is now written down here.
So,
we are talking about several levels of
communication that we want to establish,
depending on...
based on the outcome of the
synchronization effort or resolving
success of the seven flows.
I think the seven flows are clear by now.
Do we have to go into them again?
Because they are also listed here.
So,
four of them are about creating and
assigning,
two of them are about unassigning,
and the last one is deleting the
transport order. So,
this is the goal to have
Yeah, toasts appear.
It's really about toasts on certain
situations based on the rules defined
here. And
And that's the front-end story.
We have an accompanying.
Beck and story,
which was also still empty.
As of yesterday, and now has content.
It literally describes what the backend
must provide to make these toasts
possible.
Also, quick spoiler at the beginning,
we already had estimated this on a rough
level back then with 1.5. However,
I reset this to the state to refine
because we're going to do exactly that
today,
refine it again and therefore also
estimate it again.
No.
Good, so what does this PBI do?
It does two things. One,
it covers how we lock and what we lock.
And second,
it prepares the foundation for the front
end.
Side of things.
Mm.
Now my question is, how do we start?
Do we start with the front end?
Do we start with the back end?
Do we need more?
Conceptual input intro first.
What's your take here?
What are your questions?
Where are your gaps when you when you
hear about this?
Isn't like the part of the backend,
like most of it,
excluding the probably the one for the
deletion, isn't like this already covered?
I mean, we are...
Yeah, sorry.
We are already returning, I think,
the conflict responses, or, like,
Yeah.
in case we attempt, for example,
on a sign of multiple, let's say, legs,
for example,
if we succeed with some and fail with the
errors, we should be returning info, like,
both for the succeeded and the...
And also the fail ones.
So basically this information,
Yeah.
whether we have a conflict or not,
like this,
this should be already covered as like as
part of the other PBIs which we have
already implemented. Like Bozhilov, Yosif,
correct me if I'm wrong on this one, but.
Like throwing those exceptions.
Is already should be already like part of
those PBIs.
Yeah, like we,
from what I seen in Bosh PRs,
we do throw these conflict exceptions.
Yeah,
just for maybe the flow with the
assigning and creating from lots, because,
like,
I believe that I discussed this with you,
Bobby, like a while back when I started,
like, didn't we talk like when we have...
to think, like,
if anything happens like an error,
we throw the whole operation like we end
the whole operation. Something like that,
I believe we discussed.
If, if it cancels the lot, then yes,
like we don't want to assign the lot
partially.
So this is why for the lot,
if like we can't assign a single leg,
then we should be throwing care for the
whole operation.
So, yeah, I mean,
I think this should be the current
behavior.
I mean,
this includes like if we have to sync one
leg,
then we don't assign the whole lot at all.
Yeah.
We just sync the one leg. Yeah, yeah,
yeah.
Just because I've made it work like that
and you think a little bit earlier,
like we assign some legs and we...
Yeah, but, but Bosco, this is...
Don't assign others like, uh, yeah.
This is when we try this for individual
legs, right?
Ah, okay, okay, yeah, yeah,
it works like that there. Sorry,
I misunderstood you.
I thought you were talking about the
whole lot. Sorry.
Yeah,
and it mean it's the same for the signing
as well as general signing of legs,
like if we succeed there or fail,
like there should not be interdependent
from one another,
but when it was speaking about a lot,
then if one fails,
then the whole thing should fail.
Yeah,
so I think what needs to be made clear is
this is not about adding more logic or
something like that. The logic is fine.
It's just that for the UX concept that
was picked a few things.
need adjustment and maybe some things are
even cosmetical, to be honest.
But what's definitely missing is incident
ID,
something we can give the user to refer
back to a failed resolution.
That's one thing.
Second thing is we return bare string
messages, not machine readable,
structured logins. That's
like tackling the logging side of things
when someone comes back to the logs from,
for example,
operation side of things and needs to
resolve the information that came along
with the request.
Then there are just separate data
contracts, or rather error contracts,
that make it currently a bit difficult
for the front end to implement the UX
concept.
And these are rather unification or
harmonization things on the back end,
on the existing back end logic,
which is fine and correct.
to be the foundation for the UX to be
implemented.
That's what this ticket is about.
And it probably...
Needs review from someone who worked a
lot on the implementation of the logic of
the seven flows.
Maybe it's just too narrow for a full
refinement. I don't know.
I'm just thinking out loud.
We need a smaller session where we go
through it in detail.
On.
That's the state here.
I mean,
who worked on that did read through it?
Let's maybe start like that.
Because that, I think,
is the foundation to even discuss this
further.
I mean,
for unfamiliar with like what we should
be showing, we sync on the front end and..
.
Yeah, I haven't really went through this,
like, maybe I, to be honest.
But, like...
Yep.
So, I think the same, to be honest.
It sounds like a lot,
but it's really just...
Paving the way.
on a harmonization level for the X to be
able to be implemented.
Um...
So.
Sorry, uh,
I don't want to interrupt you if you
should ask afterwards.
No, no, all good.
Ah, okay, about this logging, like...
The question which pops up right now,
and I can't see like an explicit answer
in the PBI.
Which lock do we want to use?
Do we want to use the generic lock which
we have, for example, for the...
in the GCP environment right now,
because they're like,
we have this log where pretty much
everything which fails or everything
which is like, I don't know,
in any way goes wrong is locked there.
I mean,
we have used these logs previously to
retrieve some information from them.
The question is...
Do we want to use this lock or we want to
use different one just for those events
which occur?
I expected it to be the existing one,
no dedicated table, bucket, whatever.
The standard cloud lock,
which can then be filtered.
For such incidents.
Because we decided against additional
infra.
Also to keep maintenance low and have a
minimal starting point.
Okay,
so like the expectation is like to filter
over what? Okay,
let's say we provide an ID in the
response messages, this would be 1 filter.
Do we want to have something like a,
I don't know.
Oh.
search word which we can look only for
those conflicts. For example,
if we have like conflict in the message
or something like this 409 conflict,
so we can filter over those.
I think that would make sense, yeah.
But really the use case for the go live
is manual resolvement. So you,
in the best case,
get the ID from the user who experienced
the...
Unsuccessful resolvent, you get that ID.
And with that ID,
you go into the cloud log, search for it,
and there you find structured JSON
attachment,
which contains the relevant domain IDs
like transport or ship ID, leg ID,
whatever is available.
That's the resolvement path.
For the operations side.
And that's really it, no mass resolving.
So maybe answering that question,
that search term is maybe not required
because the ID should be unique and
result in exactly 1 matching log entry.
Okay, another question because like...
I don't see the designs like for the
different error prompts which we have for
the front end in the PVI,
but like Max showed to me yesterday,
those basically like we have two
different types of toaster messages we
want. The one is, let's say,
when a conflict occurred and we resolved
it.
And when the other one is like,
if it wasn't able to resolve it,
like if the system wasn't able to resolve
the conflict.
The question is, like,
the only situation which I see, which we,
where we can't resolve it with a repeated
action is, at least from my point of view,
the deletion of transport order,
because there,
once we delete the transport order,
for example, something fails,
there is no way for the user to retry
this.
So essentially this would be the only
location,
the only occasion where we should show
like the idea and saying, okay, we can't,
we can't,
the result is just go and contact port.
Is this correct assumption?
Or for example,
like we want also to show the same.
The message, if we attempt to try,
if we attempt to sync,
so not to retrieve the sync,
and it fails for some reason,
because there is a difference between
both cases with the deletion,
you can't repeat the situation. Well,
for example,
if a synchronization fails for a sign.
Then, for example,
the user can retry this after sometime
just by trying to assign the same, like,
let's say, once again.
So like those are different occasions.
The question is how do we want to handle
those?
For the deletion of transport orders,
we should be able to show an error
because we have the state still in the
back end.
For example,
if we couldn't write to the cloud SQL or
something like that, we still,
we know that and can inform the user,
including an incident ID,
which then leads to the related domain
entities.
Like, transport already in that case.
So this can be...
We are returned to the front-end.
Sorry,
how exactly do you imagine this incident
ID to be correlated with these entities?
The incident ID is literally something we
create on an unresolved state.
And.
that bring it into the logging message
somewhere and in a string or in a
Eight.
structured output JSON.
And what we also put there is the
transport order ID, shipment IDs,
whatever IDs we have.
No problem.
So they form a little object that.
Yeah,
but how this is the TDD will be used?
Oops.
It's being,
it's in the error response to the front
end.
So the front end can show that incident
ID in the toast.
And the user will then be able to copy it
from there, or screenshot it, or whatever.
so that anyone from operations trying to
resolve this has an entry point.
Oh.
To this exact.
Uh, issue.
Just to find the book.
Yep.
Just to find the lock, yeah.
Okay.
Correct.
It's just that this incident ID,
like we won't be able, for example,
if we have another issue with the same
transport order and leg,
we won't be able to correlate to this
same.
Ahh.
To the same ID, that won't be possible,
just just so so we are clear on that,
because we don't start,
we don't save this context anywhere.
This incident ID will be unique every
time when there is a conflict,
no matter if we if the conflict is
related with the exactly the same
entities.
Mhm.
That's true.
And it's maybe also fine like that
because it represents the actual try and
the actual requests.
These are separate requests,
so they get separate incident IDs.
And also, like,
we should be aware that there will be
these rare occasions where something will
fail and we won't be able either to like
return incident ID nor to work.
That would happen if for some reason the
backend crashes.
True.
That's a good point.
That's a match case.
Yeah, that's really an edge case then now.
I think it should be mentioned at least.
So that public knows.
But what can we do in that case?
And...
You would need to...
Trace that back manually anyway through
cloud logs.
In an investigation.
I would scope that out for now.
Yeah, I think...
We can live with this one, to be honest.
Yeah, we have to get started.
I think it's important to have this.
The concept understood end to end.
What do we want to achieve in the front
end and why?
What does the back end have to deliver to
cover the front end needs and the logging
needs an operations team member would
have?
That's important for today's session.
And.
So to sum up what is needed, like,
you know, these hand works,
we need to start working,
not only throwing exceptions.
I think we do not work right now.
Maybe we can, when working,
we can come up with this template so that
the works are like easy to filter.
For example, start with the work,
something like transaction issue or
unable to sync or something like that,
then add the incident ID to this work as
part of the work, add all the relevant,
the rest of the relevant data as part of
Okay.
the work, like the leg ID,
the transport ID, and then whatever.
The other thing what we need to do is add
this incident ID to the response.
Correct, yeah.
And actually, it should be, it should be,
we already not much there,
just added to the message error message
that we are already retrieving.
Uh-huh.
Uh, return.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I normally like from GCP,
like in Cloud Run,
when we throw an exception,
it's automatically logged inside the bug
with a trace after it. So, I mean,
however,
I see why it would be useful just to log
some additional context as well,
not only the exception.
This is the first thing. I mean, yeah,
probably additional works would be a good
idea.
Template is also something we need to add
as part probably of this PBI.
The question here is, like,
which I have is about the incident ID,
because, like,
when we discussed it initially with Max,
I was under the impression that we need
to...
lock,
we need to showcase the actual lock entry
ID and not generate the custom like ID
for the incident.
So which one of those two?
Because there might be a way,
I'm not sure of this,
but there might be a way to get the entry
ID of the lock we are.
we are logging inside the GCP.
There might be a way to do this.
The question is,
do we want to attempt this or generate an
Uh-huh.
incident ID?
But literally,
this is I tried to cover this here
because I knew we there's probably a
native solution.
Um...
Absolutely.
No need to invent something when there's
already an identifier.
I don't know if that's the correct one.
Maybe I should make this a bit more...
How can I edit this more open?
Something like...
Something like that.
It's just that we need any kind of
identifier.
It doesn't matter if it's an existing one
from the stack that's already there,
or if we need to create a UUA ID or
whatever type of unique ID.
Now, like, and to be honest,
I'm pretty sure that, like,
it won't be trivial to retrieve this ID
of the work. Usually,
usually how this happens is the other way
around.
You generate the work ID and you pass it.
To the work that you are writing,
and it's being used,
but one thing that we can we should keep
in mind is this IDs,
either this incident IDs, trace IDs,
or whatever, they are not human readable,
like they are not,
they are not like 56 integer or something
like that, and we cannot.
We cannot right now implement something
like that because it's not trivial.
The easiest thing what we can do is
generate some new ID and use that.
But yeah, that won't be very convenient,
I guess.
Absolutely. I mean,
that's a question to Max maybe,
and then to Patrick,
how nerdy can the ID be?
Is it necessary to simplify it or is even
32 characters of strange characters fine?
Sorry, 32 characters of strings.
It's just an example. I just made that up.
I don't know how it looks,
Is this the limit?
but is that an issue?
Could that be an issue?
That's the question, if it's very long.
I mean, if it's a very long message.
Okay.
No, not very long message, Max.
This is about this incident ID that the
Yeah.
user will use snapshot or whatever and
provide it.
The problem is that it is not easy to
provide human readable ID. I mean,
it will take effort and I think it will
get complex.
But we're not talking about a human
readable ID.
Yeah, Beck.
We're just talking about the basically
the 10 character string combination.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying,
but that's what we can do easily.
Yeah, this is all good. Like basically,
if you go, Matthias,
if you could open the GCP logs,
do you have it open at some point?
In a different window, yeah,
but I just pasted an example in the chat.
It's actually 32 hexa,
which makes it completely random if you
want to look at the chat.
Yeah.
This is not what we expect.
Also,
it doesn't get more beautiful when you
make it artificially 6 in pictures or
whatever. It's still cryptic.
And we plan a copy-paste button there.
Is it mentioned in the front end?
Yep.
Should be.
Um...
Play the song.
I think a lot of is covered in the AC,
to be honest.
Copy, paste button, yeah.
So you will not read this at all.
You will not write it down.
You just click the button and it's in the
clipboard.
No.
So this is 100% acceptable that we don't
have a humanly readable.
Okay.
Yeah.
Lock ID. I mean, it's an ID,
it's an identifier,
and it should not have the basically the
bonus of being self-explanatory to the
user.
Okay.
Sure, so that answers.
Questions regarding ID.
What?
I think structured locking is also
important. Maybe I can add that image.
To the as a comment.
So, it's clear what's meant here, uh,
this.
I saw somewhere, sorry,
that the front end, I mean, it flashed,
that the front end decides what's the
severity. Have you discussed that? I mean,
I saw it now when you were changing the...
Uh-huh.
Can you go back to that?
That's.
Good point there.
That's.
The the the.
So, this is, this is why I asked, because,
like, I saw that, like,
there are two types of messages inside
the Figma, which Max showed me yesterday.
Basically,
one of them is for unrecoverable error,
the other one is that, for example, we,
I think we did synchronization.
The missing part is like what happens,
for example,
if we attempt a synchronization and
something fails.
Do we treat this as unrecoverable error
or we have a third state somewhere?
I think that's the non-resolvable.
We detect as out of sync state,
we cannot recover.
So it is non-recoverable.
And that should be.
Should be red.
And what exactly does it even mean
non-recoverable?
Because this in theory could end up being
recovered on some next retry.
So why we classify as non-recoverable?
I mean,
it was not recoverable in that one
request the user did,
including our three retries, of course.
And for that,
That process is done.
That request is done and it was not
recoverable, not resolvable, which means..
.
It is unresolved and will stay like that.
So he gets the red arrow and the ID to
give it to operations.
If he goes ahead and tries again and it
succeeds, that's a new iteration.
Then it will show green and he's happy.
But that's the manual nature of what
we're building here,
really the manual minimal.
One.
version of this behavior.
So maybe it helps to go through the
actual states that can be that can happen.
But PDS,
because the syncing process happens on,
like,
the next attempt after the issue already
occurred, right?
Because right now we attempt to sync,
let's say we try to initially assign a
leg, it fails, we returned that it failed.
But like we retry obviously these two or
three times,
but the syncing process happens actually
on the next attempt, right?
We have an initial state check.
Maybe someone who implemented that can
explain it in code terms.
But the first thing we do,
I.
or maybe where do we have this diagram?
But in the initial step,
in the example I gave,
like in the beginning,
everything was fine. Like,
we tried to assign a leg.
Like...
The first time we tried to assign, like,
we, we it succeeds in TMS,
but then it fails in new Dispo,
like we will try like two or three times,
Mmh.
and then we fail.
There is no syncing process there.
The syncing process happens on the next
interaction with this leg.
Ah, I see where you're coming from.
So yes, this is...
Correct, because in the initial one,
we didn't try to fix it. It just,
the fail just happened,
to put it like that.
Exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
And we, what we talk here,
what we talk about here is the second
tries whenever a conflict is detected.
Before,
because this is the additional sync point
that we now have,
we first check for inconsistencies,
and there we find out that we have them,
and then we try to fix them.
If they can be fixed, all good. If not,
we have a non-recoverable state.
That's the flow.
And the check.
On a clean, like, let's put,
let's take a leg that was never put on a
new transport order.
This will have a green flag on the
checkpoint and we will just move on with
the usual flow, happy path,
create transport order, assign the leg,
done.
If that lag has already been tried before,
a checkpoint will show that,
bring that up.
Then we run into the resolving mode
instead of the happy path.
And if that fails, we get red.
If it succeeds,
we have orange because we tell the user,
hey.
Now everything is fine,
but we had to fix a few things.
And green is literally only the happy
case.
When there were no issues, Greenfield.
Does that make sense?
Ohh.
So maybe to someone who worked on that,
on these seven flows, how does that sound?
Is it...
Understandable. Does it make sense?
What gaps do you see?
How much effort is it? Is it?
Are we 90% done or not?
The Gap.
The gap which I see is that I don't,
we don't have design, for example,
for multiple entities,
because those dialogues which you
showcased me yesterday,
they cover a single entity.
So what happens, for example,
because I can assign, let's unassign,
not assign,
but I can unassign more than a single leg.
More than a single lot I can assign,
can assign combination of legs and lots.
So how are we supposed to showcase this
to the user? For example,
let's say if the operation returns
conflicts and for two out of five
entities, for example,
and let's say there could be one more
edge cases, for example, we were able to..
.
resolve the conflict successfully for one
of them,
but we weren't able to resolve it for the
other one. So.
How should this be showcased to the user?
Sorry, can you repeat this, Boyan?
From the from the UI,
from the like from the drive instruction
slider,
we have the ability to assign a
combination of multiple lots and legs.
We execute this as part of the same
operation, basically, on assign.
And what is like not covered in any of
the designs or anything is how are we
going to showcase this like that feedback,
user feedback for the for multiple
entities. For example,
let's say I have three lots and outside
of those three lots I try to unassign
also three legs individually.
What happens, for example,
if the operation fails for one lot and
one leg,
and let's say that we resolve the
conflict for the leg,
but we are not able to resolve the
conflict for the lot. I mean,
how do we showcase this?
I mean,
each operation there has separate
response. Obviously, for each operation,
we will be returning the response being
that success or conflict or whatever.
The only question is in terms of in the
UI, let's say if we have two conflicts,
let's say that we attempted 10 operations,
Yeah.
like assign, unassign, whatever.
Out of them, 8 succeeded,
two has some errors, issues, conflicts,
syncing, whatever.
We just need to find a way to show this
information. Currently, currently,
like we should be already covering this,
I think, for some part.
What happens with the current design
right now,
if we have more than one issues from this
record, are we showing them stacked?
No, right now, right now, if, for example,
the unassign fails for one of four or two
or what exactly?
or four entities we're trying to unassign,
we just show a dialogue saying that the
unassign was successful for two out of
four entities.
Basically, this is what we do right now.
And we, we don't show the,
we don't show the actual errors issues.
Yeah.
I mean, those are locked as exceptions,
like, and the user, like,
they are returning the response from the
query, but, but like, we are not,
we are not showcasing the user.
But like if we want to handle conflicts
or anything, I mean,
we should come up with a way where we
could potentially...
Like either show once again,
like the operation was successful,
was successful for N out of.
Hicks entities, but for example, there,
I mean, I'm not sure how exactly,
but they should be able to get more
details, or,
or we like show individual information
for each of the entities for which we
attempted this operation.
But yeah,
and also like something we need to
consider as well is the time that this
toaster message stays.
Because if I have 10 entities and I show
the toaster message for, let's say,
3 seconds,
user won't be able to get whatever
information they want.
So,
this is those those are all all topics
which which needs to be discussed,
and because today I started just thinking
about how are we going to implement this
on the front end,
like having in mind the design which
Mehmet provided yesterday,
but this design is severely like,
it's not.
What we need, we need more information.
But isn't this covered here? I mean,
we talk about a single toast,
even if multiple entities are affected,
like here we have.
Yeah, but, Marković,
what if there is a recoverable error
there?
How the user would know which incident ID
to provide?
It's just always just one incident ID per
toast and usually one toast per action.
Oh, this is not the case.
But.
Why, with you?
Because each operation is a different
attempt to do something with three decent
transaction,
but like each attempt to do something is
like an individual entry,
individual incident.
But the flows are the iterations, like...
We are not.
Adding a leg to a new T.O.
would create maximum one toast.
Adding a lot to an existing TO,
maximum 1 toast.
Okay, but what about the other side then?
The other side is in... Sorry?
Awesome.
Also,
one toast a leg and a sign is 1 toast,
Yeah.
Max.
The toast shows,
it disappears if it's green.
If it's orange or red, it stays.
Of course, if he moves on,
although there is errors,
he needs to approve.
They will stack up.
But will he do that?
I don't think he will just continue and
Ye.
have 8 or 10 or whatever amount of toast
stacked.
But the seven flows are each one toast.
And in the best case,
green ones which disappear after X
seconds, which is default timing.
I don't know what the timing is.
Is this what they want?
Because like currently for the other
It.
signing,
we show one toaster for the whole group
of operations the user tries to execute.
We don't show individual toast messages.
And this is a requirement we hear from
their side. So.
Yeah, but we're now getting, like,
we're not talking about the conflicts
when basically the TMS database is just
throwing an error.
We're talking about the, the,
our databases are getting out of sync.
Yeah, I think that's the differentiation.
It's literally always second tries.
It's, we don't, yeah,
we don't want to replace the error flow
Yeah.
we have right now,
but basically just advance it with, hey,
we got a new type of error,
and this is not just a TMSB saying, hey,
I'm not reachable.
It's more like our database is out of
sync. All right,
we try to resolve this issue,
and if it is resolvable, all right.
perfect if it is not resolvable,
like we're just talking about the
synchronization.
Getting everything in sync again.
So what do you expect to see in the
example I showed?
You have your attempt on the sign of
three lots and three legs.
There is desynchronization for one leg
and one lot.
We were successfully able to sync the leg,
but we weren't able to sync the lot.
What should the user see then?
Can you repeat what?
What's the the main action which flow?
We try to unassign because we have this
option. Simultaneously,
we tick and we try to unassign 3 legs and
three lots. Different,
like those legs are not part of those
lots.
Uh-huh.
And it turns out that we have a conflict
for one lot and one leg, let's say,
Uh-huh.
for example, and...
Yeah.
Two different messages, that's fine. Like,
I don't care.
What about the successful operations?
Yeah.
Then the successful ones still get like a
success message.
Yeah.
Isn't it confusing?
I mean, it sorry, Max.
Basically.
Basically, in the success message,
we're saying, oh, three out of five,
or how many you meant in your example
were successfully done. The rest did not.
All good.
And then we have two error messages.
Right.
Okay, this is what we want then, okay?
That's bad.
I mean, it really maps for me,
it maps to the technical.
This wrapper,
but this wrapper is the flow.
Create transport order from flow,
that's the flow, from leg,
that's the flow. If that succeeds, fine,
green.
No, sorry, if it can be resolved.
It is.
Orange.
If it can't be resolved, it's red.
That's the anchor.
The disk wrapper for me is the flow
identifier.
And each disk wrapper creates a separate
toast,
because they are technically executed
requests, which deserve a toast each.
But this contradicts what Max just said.
Uh, does it?
I don't think.
Yes.
And can we just...
Because, as I mentioned,
as I mentioned here.
Can you make it this clear on Mariya just
so we are on the same page and not
talking and always have to think about
what we are talking about?
Myra, you mean Myro?
Ivaylo.
Hey, we can start tomorrow, yes.
It's just about,
I don't want to basically go over
everything and just then we see.
what we're deciding on.
No.
Long story short,
just as a reminder again,
they have no expectations about this.
So the client has no idea what they want.
We can provide what we want,
and then we will see after an iteration
if this is good or not.
Just like the overall, what we need to do.
I don't want to over-engineer this and
make this a big fuss.
Because everything we're like planning in
now.
could even not meet their expectation.
But I think that's a bit,
that sounds confusing if I would have
So...
heard it as a team member because we've
aligned with Patrick and he has signed
that off.
Yes, you signed that off, but still...
His,
what he wants is the only thing he wants
is to get an error message and...
To have this copy-paste functionality.
But whether we show 15 toast messages or
one,
have it all written up in a very clear
tone or not.
He has not made any requirements.
This is all I want to say.
So whatever we're putting in now is our
understanding on how this could be done
in a good way.
So, I don't know how you wanna...
Visualize this.
For me, it's literally, you, you,
you said, Boyan multiple actions at once.
You had.
Unassigned 3 legs and two locks,
or what was it? Something like that?
Well, yeah, I mean, for example, yeah.
Go unassigned lot.
Unassigned leg three times.
Anything like this.
And this is the one.
User Actually.
Something like this.
Right?
That.
Okay.
Am I sharing? Yes, I am.
Now.
This relates to...
He this blah blah blah and then what's it
called? Unassigned lot. Oops,
what's happening?
Is it an assigned lot?
I think something like that.
Right?
Yeah, we have different operations,
basically for a lot or like, I mean,
But.
No.
I'm not sure whether we have different
wrappers, to be honest, in the PDs,
since we don't have the concept of a lot
inside the database,
so essentially this is not correct.
Ah.
Right,
because the database does not know
anything about lots, per se.
Lots are a concept.
Exactly. Also,
we don't care if the database knows.
We know the backend has this.
Call to the bridge,
and here we have the check.
Upfront.
No,
it's not correct because the bridge also
does not know that we have lots because
this is new display related business
logic and it's not correct.
Mhm.
Like,
we have a transaction on the backend,
but all the bridge knows is that we are
calling unassigned multiple times.
It does not know that, for example,
we are doing this for a lot or or or like
for whatever.
All right, that was my mistake. Anyway,
the relevant point is not the bridge or
database, but the back end, right?
This is where we try to resolve.
And that's our single action.
That's the user action.
And we get back one.
Toast for this.
Maybe like that.
Something like this.
And it's the same for the others.
That's the idea, I think.
All the visualization.
Are you?
Yeah, so get the idea.
This would just be something different.
What does this?
Main.
Like times X for legs.
I just wanted to say that this is the
multiple.
Of this something like that,
maybe it does make more sense.
Here,
the lot does not exist on the B level,
so the backend does this logical mapping
of lot to like.
But that's anyway our.
Entry point for the checking and
resolving and deciding what the error is,
or what could be resolved and what not,
and return it to the.
Front end.
This is maybe the front answer.
Okay, so let's go easiest approach first.
Yes.
or less effort approach first.
If we say we send for every interaction,
even if it's basically if we have just
one interaction of the user,
we send him multiple error cases.
Next,
quick question: There's another meeting
So.
with Patrick, and...
Joachim.
Um...
Yeah,
maybe we can postpone because right now
we are...
I would write them quickly.
I can do this.
You basically stay up here. So literally,
or you can do it and I try to explain.
So literally,
If we just send for every request,
so we have one action,
and even if multiple objects are...
used, we have those multiple error cases.
And let's say, I mean,
this could be annoying, yes,
but we are not building the 100% version
right now.
We're building something which is
basically one part further.
It's an increment.
And we're implementing the ability.
to see what has happened.
And if this is becoming an issue,
that we have basically 15 toast messages
stacked up.
Then we will might,
then we will be able to, yeah,
configure this and make this better.
If this is needed, if not, perfect.
But right now,
it seems to me that we are thinking about
making this so great,
but we don't even know how.
and what the user wants.
So my assumption would be right now,
even if we have just one action and
multiple toasts,
we just get multiple toasts.
I'm all right with this.
Yeah, we have this document somewhere.
Yes.
And also,
does this cover the case only where we
have like conflicts?
Because this would be the new flow,
essentially.
What do you mean by conflicts?
And what?
I mean.
Currently, we have the flow, let's say,
if we have this attempted for five
operations, we show, let's say,
four out of five succeeded and nothing
more.
Do we want to show individual messages
only when we have conflicts or we want to
change the whole?
Mm.
So I'm not sure if you can see it on the
screen right now.
Oh, think.
I mean, Matthias is sharing currently,
I think.
Uhh.
Yeah, but yeah.
So, um, I think his screen is frozen.
Anyhow, so you see the gray banner?
Basically,
this is when we remove elements.
Meaning.
When we have three out of all right,
what's happening now?
When we have three out of five elements
removed, we show this gray thingy,
toast message. And additionally,
on the right hand side,
basically you see the arrow going down.
Uh, the error goes...
Yeah, then back up here. Yeah, great,
great sketch.
But this is basically the addition we
have currently, right?
Not sure whether we have a specific one
for a shipment, but generally speaking,
yes.
Yes, generally speaking, yes. All right.
So we have removed three out of five.
So this is the gray message. All right.
And then we show basically the same as we
had before,
those extra messages and those other
error cases.
And.
Oh, my, the question is, are we?
With the answers provided to the
questions.
Are we moving towards a common
understanding?
Or is this still?
A big.
Gap.
I cannot currently judge that.
I mean, basically, we're moving,
we're getting closer to the release,
Yeah.
and I just want,
if you have a way which is good as well
and easy to implement.
Please bring it up right now.
This is for me just the simplest approach
I can think of.
Hello!
Mm.
Well...
Can you see him? Yeah.
All right.
I mean.
Just a suggestion that I think is like
possible. Like,
Not true, yeah, sorry.
because I know we've had this like in
previous projects and things like that,
we had something like a...
Like A pop-up window,
a small pop-up window or something like
that,
that we just displayed a list of all
errors and like successes and things like
that,
and wouldn't this be just like a general
solution or maybe we don't have like
anything?
Prepared for that, and that's why, like,
it would be hard right now to get this.
So your idea would be to have like an
extra pop-up for this type of error.
Well, I mean, we know, like, uh,
things for...
For example,
like for the situations with like the
syncing of the lot and things like that,
because like you may need to sync more
than one leg there, like when you throw,
you return the error for like a...
The lot has some legs, like...
You need to show the user like which legs
perhaps were synced,
like give a little bit more exact
information and like an exception would
be like a...
Too big of a message,
like it would be a wall of text or
something like that, for example,
if we have a big lot.
And having something like a pop-up window
for these situations would be like a more.
..
Like a general situation which we can use
to these type of actions, yeah.
Like requests like the unassigned in this
situation,
like both the sign and create with the
lots and probably other few places that I
just can't think of right now at least.
Yeah, I get that,
but aren't we discussing?
Things that need follow up later, for now,
we just have a one-to-one relationship,
flow to toast.
If it turns out we spam them with too
many toasts, we add a little unification.
Task that improves this.
I mean, it's not even,
we don't even know how many of these
parallel tasks someone will execute
anyway.
I mean,
removing multiple um likes and lots from
Inga.
a transport order is for me.
Could be like a daily or general thing a
user does.
Lapp.
And adding a lot to a transport order is
basically the normal thing they do.
Uh-huh.
Good,
but then the discussion is is valuable,
right?
It is valuable,
like there are plenty actions which
impact multiple legs, for example,
at once.
Yeah, also,
also a topic which comes to my mind right
now is about the deletion, because...
Like,
there might be a bunch of words and legs.
It's the same situation, basically,
as then the sign,
because when we delete the transport
order, we want to mark those.
Item says, like,
unassigned on our end as well, so, like,
this a little bit contradicts with the
flow one operation 11 toaster, because,
like,
there we might have one operation which
is actually the deleting of the transport
order, but behind the scenes,
we need to unassign each.
One of the...
Each one of the...
Records, the legs,
or the loads assigned to this transport
order, so...
Yeah,
it's an additional case there as well,
I guess.
But you don't want our toes for all
affected new Dispo records.
For the flow 7,
you want one for the transport order.
And only you only display the ID anyway,
and the toast when it fails.
Or did you not propose that to have one
toast or message or whatever it is,
entry per failed New Dispo entry?
which could be of course many.
On a transfer, all a delete action.
I mean, if you want to support it,
if you want to check what exactly went
wrong,
if I provide you an incident ID and I
have,
not sure which will be easier to debug,
to be honest, because, like,
we need to think here, like,
from problem resolving,
if such problem occurs, of course.
point of view.
Because like what it would be easier like
to have an individual incident ID for
each record which failed to sync properly
or have a just a general incident ID and
just correlated to all of the operations
which failed according to this in the
same context of course because Yosif
Yeah.
mentioned that we can't correlate between
different.
Operation, but for example,
if the delete failed,
then you know that for this transport
order, all of the related entities failed,
and you can look like,
or some of those entities failed,
and you can look pretty much the same
incident ID in the in the work spots.
Yeah.
Okay, so on and on.
We will be just using one toast message,
even.
per not action,
but per entity or whatever we do as now.
And later, have a...
Refactoring task or unification task,
if needed.
Is this the common sense right now?
I think it is,
we still need to make sure that we talk
about the same.
Source, is it?
The leg in the case of lots or is it the
lot?
I think that's the last question that I'm
still not having answered.
Like here it would be.
Like this.
Or is it this?
I mean, we don't care about the database,
in my opinion. We care about our entities,
Mm.
and that is the lot.
Just repeating that again to have a
conscience here.
Do we want this or this?
Basically, currently.
But wait, just sorry,
sorry I was a bit distracted.
Sorry to interrupt. So,
do you understand what which is coming
like from the front end is a is a
operation request like that we feed into
this like from drive instructions to
either isn't this an atomic operation?
I mean.
It's atomic both in terms of TMS
operations and new Dispo operations.
There is no way that when we try to
unassign the locked only we manage to
unassign only some of the legs.
Yes, this is correct. This is correct,
like...
No, no,
we can like this is the thing we can
understand 3 out of five legs or lots out
of.
Yes,
but then these are these in terms of
Yeah.
operations are not unassigned mode,
but they are individual unassigned leg
operations.
Because right now here we are pointing
Yeah.
the what I see is like different tolls
per different legs out of this unassigned
mode.
Ah.
which is not the case.
We can have either like as an operation
entity,
we can either have an assigned walk,
which is a one operation,
or we can have multiple unassigned leg
operations.
Okay,
and then it's good for me if we have per
No.
unassigned lot or per unassigned leg.
So, when assign what all,
it's always atomic both on the TMS and
both on on our site,
the the assigned there.
Yes, yes.
This is correct, this is correct.
The only question which I had, I mean,
we could do this,
like we can make like individual toast
when you assign for assign for unassigned
load or unassigned individual leg.
This is something we can do.
The question is what should happen,
for example,
if we delete the transport order,
because there we execute also unassigned
legs and unassigned loads and then stuff
like this.
Because, like,
if we stick with the concept that we have
one toaster message per operation,
like the delete transport order operation
is also like one operation from this
point of view, and...
Mhm.
No.
And the...
It's a game atomic, right?
It's a game atomic operation.
I'm not sure about this, to be honest.
I mean, I'm not sure, like, okay.
It is, it is 100% sure.
Like when we delete the transport order,
we execute the TMS call,
then we try to start executing the
unassigned operations or whatever
operations on New Dispo,
but we commit them all of them at once in
a single transaction by calling this save
changes async in the end.
It's not we we don't make them separate
either,
like when we try to to to handle this
daily transport order in new Dispo
database,
either we we succeed and it's all good
and all in the correct state or.
Like we are not able to do anything.
It's A transaction.
Mhm.
Yes,
but this is the path to the TMS database,
what we define as atomic.
Afterwards, it can't be.
It's atomic in your Dispo as well.
Okay, good. All right.
They are not atomic,
both of them together,
but they are atomic individually.
The TMS operation is atomic and the new
Yeah.
I see.
Yeah.
Dispo DB operations are atomic as well.
Okay, so to make it, how can we make it?
If you have 5 legs in a lot,
the five assignments in TMS are atomic
and storing the leg lot data records in
your Dispo are also atomic,
so you will not just have three records
Exactly.
successful out of five.
Exactly.
Good, good, good.
All right.
That's fine. Still, I question the sticky.
Or we need to really talk about it again.
Should I put the arrow here or here?
Because when I read the sticky,
Yeah.
it sounds like the checkbox is here and I
think it should be here.
The only use case,
the only use case where we have these
The.
different toasts per per operations.
the way I understand it,
is in this wider for these individual
operations. The only place.
Everywhere else I think it should be
single, single.
Prompt like single, single,
single error prompt.
But isn't that the same?
It's just a different entry point in the
UX. But it's clear what the user does.
He either unassigns a leg
Oh.
Or a lot, or remove the Transversal.
P.
All of these are individual operations,
and all of these could have individual
Correct.
responses.
Exactly. And the lot,
unassigned lot does not spawn 5
unassigned leg actions because that's not
what it is. It is not 5 unassigned legs.
No.
It's one unassigned lot.
Yes.
Good,
because then I think this is just a bit
like once.
That's the misleading part here.
If I read this, I would say, aha,
they want one.
Five toes for a lot with five legs when
understanding A lot.
That's what I read when I read the sticky.
No.
Do we even need this?
In the case where,
let's say that we unassign a lot,
we succeed in TMS,
but we fail in New Dispo, in New Dispo,
we will never have partial state,
as we already discussed, it's atomic.
In this case, for this operation,
for the site,
what we should be just saying, hey,
like we were unable to unassign the lot
in New Dispo.
with all the relevant other data.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
It will never be the case that only one
leg out of this what would be unassigned
or something like that.
Yeah.
I don't know how to say it,
but that's what came to my mind.
By the way,
you can remove the sticky as well.
Yes.
Okay.
So.
Where do we, where do we stand? Is that?
Probably enough discussion for now and
now give everybody time to let that sink
and talk about it again tomorrow.
to come back with still open questions.
Basically,
I'll try to start working over this and
The.
start just implementing this to see how
this would look, and yeah,
probably we can have further discussion.
Yeah.
All right, then, Max, should we jump over?
Because I had one question for Joachim,
at least I should go there quickly.
And because I think we are overtime
anyway here, right?
Yeah, sure, we can.
Yes, we are.
Okay.
Good, then we speak tomorrow.
Alright, bye bye.
Thanks, bye.
Thank you, bye.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.